then the Lord appeared to him by the
then the Lord appeared to him by the terebinth trees of Mamre as he was
terebinth trees of Mamre as he was
terebinth trees of Mamre as he was sitting in the tent door in the heat of
sitting in the tent door in the heat of
sitting in the tent door in the heat of the day so he lifted his eyes and looked
the day so he lifted his eyes and looked
the day so he lifted his eyes and looked and behold three men was standing by him
and behold three men was standing by him
and behold three men was standing by him and when he saw them he ran from the
and when he saw them he ran from the
and when he saw them he ran from the tent door to meet them and bowed himself
tent door to meet them and bowed himself
tent door to meet them and bowed himself to the ground my lord if I have now
to the ground my lord if I have now
to the ground my lord if I have now found favor in your sight
found favor in your sight
found favor in your sight do not pass on by your servant please
do not pass on by your servant please
do not pass on by your servant please let a little water be brought and wash
let a little water be brought and wash
let a little water be brought and wash your feet and rest yourselves under the
your feet and rest yourselves under the
your feet and rest yourselves under the tree and I will bring a morsel of bread
tree and I will bring a morsel of bread
tree and I will bring a morsel of bread that you may refresh your hearts after
that you may refresh your hearts after
that you may refresh your hearts after that you may pass by and as much as you
that you may pass by and as much as you
that you may pass by and as much as you have come to your servant do as you have
have come to your servant do as you have
have come to your servant do as you have said so Abraham hurried into the tent to
said so Abraham hurried into the tent to
said so Abraham hurried into the tent to Sara and said quickly make ready three
Sara and said quickly make ready three
Sara and said quickly make ready three measures of fine meal knead it and make
measures of fine meal knead it and make
measures of fine meal knead it and make cakes and Abraham ran to the herd took a
cakes and Abraham ran to the herd took a
cakes and Abraham ran to the herd took a tender and good calf gave it to the
tender and good calf gave it to the
tender and good calf gave it to the young man and he hastened to prepare it
young man and he hastened to prepare it
young man and he hastened to prepare it so he took butter and milk and the calf
so he took butter and milk and the calf
so he took butter and milk and the calf which he had prepared and set it before
which he had prepared and set it before
which he had prepared and set it before them and he stood by them under the tree
them and he stood by them under the tree
them and he stood by them under the tree as they ate then they said to him where
as they ate then they said to him where
as they ate then they said to him where is Sara your wife here in the tent I
is Sara your wife here in the tent I
is Sara your wife here in the tent I will certainly return to you according
will certainly return to you according
will certainly return to you according to the time of life and behold Sara your
to the time of life and behold Sara your
to the time of life and behold Sara your wife
wife
wife she'll have a son Sara was listening in
she'll have a son Sara was listening in
she'll have a son Sara was listening in the tent door which was behind him now
the tent door which was behind him now
the tent door which was behind him now Abraham and Sara were old well advanced
Abraham and Sara were old well advanced
Abraham and Sara were old well advanced in age and Sara had passed the age of
in age and Sara had passed the age of
in age and Sara had passed the age of childbearing therefore Sara laughed
childbearing therefore Sara laughed
childbearing therefore Sara laughed within herself saying after I have grown
within herself saying after I have grown
within herself saying after I have grown old shall I have pleasure my lord being
old shall I have pleasure my lord being
old shall I have pleasure my lord being old also and the Lord said to Abraham
old also and the Lord said to Abraham
old also and the Lord said to Abraham why did Sarah laugh saying shall I
why did Sarah laugh saying shall I
why did Sarah laugh saying shall I surely bear a child since I am old is
surely bear a child since I am old is
surely bear a child since I am old is anything too hard for the Lord at the
anything too hard for the Lord at the
anything too hard for the Lord at the appointed time I will return to you
appointed time I will return to you
appointed time I will return to you according to the time of life and Sarah
shall have a son but Sara denied it for
shall have a son but Sara denied it for she was afraid I did not laugh no but
she was afraid I did not laugh no but
she was afraid I did not laugh no but you did laugh then the men rose from
you did laugh then the men rose from
you did laugh then the men rose from there and looked towards Sodom and
there and looked towards Sodom and
there and looked towards Sodom and Abraham went with them to send them on
Abraham went with them to send them on
Abraham went with them to send them on the way and the Lord said shall I hide
the way and the Lord said shall I hide
the way and the Lord said shall I hide from Abraham what I am doing
from Abraham what I am doing
from Abraham what I am doing sat Abraham shall surely become a great
sat Abraham shall surely become a great
sat Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation
and mighty nation
and mighty nation and all the nations of the earth shall
and all the nations of the earth shall
and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him for I have known him
be blessed in him for I have known him
be blessed in him for I have known him in order that he may command his
in order that he may command his
in order that he may command his children and his household after him
children and his household after him
children and his household after him that they keep the way of the Lord to do
that they keep the way of the Lord to do
that they keep the way of the Lord to do righteousness and justice that the Lord
righteousness and justice that the Lord
righteousness and justice that the Lord may bring to Abraham but he has spoken
may bring to Abraham but he has spoken
may bring to Abraham but he has spoken to him because the outcry against Sodom
to him because the outcry against Sodom
to him because the outcry against Sodom and Gomorrah is great because their sin
and Gomorrah is great because their sin
and Gomorrah is great because their sin is very grave I will go down now and see
is very grave I will go down now and see
is very grave I will go down now and see whether they have done altogether
whether they have done altogether
whether they have done altogether according to the outcry against it that
according to the outcry against it that
according to the outcry against it that has come to me and if not I will know
has come to me and if not I will know
has come to me and if not I will know then the men turned away from there and
then the men turned away from there and
then the men turned away from there and went toward Sodom but Abraham still
went toward Sodom but Abraham still
went toward Sodom but Abraham still stood before the Lord and Abraham came
stood before the Lord and Abraham came
stood before the Lord and Abraham came near would you also destroy the
near would you also destroy the
near would you also destroy the righteous with the wicked suppose there
righteous with the wicked suppose there
righteous with the wicked suppose there were 50 righteous within the city would
were 50 righteous within the city would
were 50 righteous within the city would you also destroy the place and not spare
you also destroy the place and not spare
you also destroy the place and not spare it for the 50 righteous that were in it
it for the 50 righteous that were in it
it for the 50 righteous that were in it far be it from you to do such a thing as
far be it from you to do such a thing as
far be it from you to do such a thing as this to slay the righteous with the
this to slay the righteous with the
this to slay the righteous with the wicked so that the righteous should be
wicked so that the righteous should be
wicked so that the righteous should be as the wicked far be it from you shall
as the wicked far be it from you shall
as the wicked far be it from you shall not the judge of all the earth do right
not the judge of all the earth do right
not the judge of all the earth do right if I find in Sodom 50 righteous within
if I find in Sodom 50 righteous within
if I find in Sodom 50 righteous within the city then I will spare all the place
the city then I will spare all the place
the city then I will spare all the place for their sakes
for their sakes
for their sakes indeed now I who am but dust and ashes
indeed now I who am but dust and ashes
indeed now I who am but dust and ashes have taken it upon myself to speak to
have taken it upon myself to speak to
have taken it upon myself to speak to the Lord
the Lord
the Lord suppose there were five less than the
suppose there were five less than the
suppose there were five less than the fifty righteous would you destroy all of
fifty righteous would you destroy all of
fifty righteous would you destroy all of the city for lack of five if I find
the city for lack of five if I find
the city for lack of five if I find there forty five
there forty five
there forty five I will not destroy it suppose there
I will not destroy it suppose there
I will not destroy it suppose there should be four he found there I will not
should be four he found there I will not
should be four he found there I will not do it for the sake of 40
do it for the sake of 40
do it for the sake of 40 but not the Lord be angry and I will
but not the Lord be angry and I will
but not the Lord be angry and I will speak suppose 30 should be found there I
speak suppose 30 should be found there I
speak suppose 30 should be found there I will not do it if I find the 30 there
will not do it if I find the 30 there
will not do it if I find the 30 there indeed now I have taken it upon myself
indeed now I have taken it upon myself
indeed now I have taken it upon myself to speak to the Lord
to speak to the Lord
to speak to the Lord suppose 20 should be found there I will
suppose 20 should be found there I will
suppose 20 should be found there I will not destroy it for the sake of 20 let
not destroy it for the sake of 20 let
not destroy it for the sake of 20 let not the Lord be angry and I will speak
not the Lord be angry and I will speak
not the Lord be angry and I will speak but once more suppose 10 should be found
but once more suppose 10 should be found
but once more suppose 10 should be found there
there
there I will not destroy it for the sake of 10
I will not destroy it for the sake of 10
I will not destroy it for the sake of 10 [Music]
[Music]
[Music] so the Lord went his way as soon as he
so the Lord went his way as soon as he
so the Lord went his way as soon as he had finished speaking with Abraham and
had finished speaking with Abraham and
had finished speaking with Abraham and Abraham returned to his place
Abraham returned to his place
Abraham returned to his place [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you